[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart How are you? Well, I hope
you've had a
spectacular weekend I have to apologize
First of all because I've had you
here a bit abandoned and I haven't been
as intense as usual And it's that
as you know I have other channels where I
deal with other topics and that subject matter has
been so powerful and so strong that it
really hasn't given me time to be
100% on all the channels at the same time so I
apologize and here we are
again getting back on track and catching up because
by the way I'm seeing that
well everything is blowing up a
lot around here too Antonio
David to Jason live for three hours in which I
'm watching it now I'm not leaving a
puppet with a head attentive because in these
statements to which we are going to
react in this video
we are going to see how he completely denies
that alleged suicide attempt
that Rocío Carrasco said she had and
according to Antonio David things didn't happen like that
before continuing with the video I'm going to
ask you all please to
subscribe  to the Channel and give it a like you
know that you help me a lot and that it
is also completely free if you
like this type of content follow me
comment on the video and also Why not I would
like to know your opinion regarding
everything
that truly supports the testimony of
Rocío Carrasco I am
not going to call her false feminists I am
really going to say that
they are simply deceived by a producer who
has made it clear let's see here there are people who
support Rocío Carrasco as I already told you
only for ideological but then there will be
other people who do not understand
the moves well and simply believe in the
word of a woman because she cries that
Hey it usually sells a lot and it usually happens that there
are times when a documentary is passed off where it
seems like a movie
with absolutely everything studied but
with details with documentation
that has not really been shown to you
this is already known and it was more than
evident that the information was
closed and those that were shown
were in part interpreted in the way
that they want to make the public understand
many times people do not understand
medical reports of self-judicial and
they give it the interpretation they
want No we have already seen many
occasions for example  the lawyer
we are in Suarez saying some
outrageous things that my god some of us
think she got her
law degree in a raffle and I
say this with all due respect but she
has said some outrageous things a few times
that my god
the documentary is based on the fact that she
tells the truth to stay alive
after a suicide attempt
because of course to stay alive you need
two three million euros whatever she
earned there and
destroy the father of her children no if she
still considers them her children I am not
going to show the documentation I am not going
to do the same thing they did
because I
know perfectly well what I have and what I do
n't have to do this already advised by
my lawyers and I am not going to release any
document
but when all this is in the hands of those who
have to be and there is a
sentence
whenever I can do it I swear on
my life that I will show all the
documentation now I want to remind you that
in addition there were some documents that they did
show that they left out some
details that contradicted the
testimony of Rocio Carrasco I remember
precisely the medical report of the child
when he hurt his arm he did not
get home from  the mother according to her with
an injury to her arm the times do not
match what
Rocio Carrasco was saying It turns out that the
report was from 9:15 in the evening
when she was saying that it was
11:12 at night and Antonio David did not
arrive to return the children and as it is
a few more things throughout
the documentary
the medical report pay attention to this that I am
going to tell those people who
believe in the testimony of Rocio
Carrasco
the medical report by which
Rocio Carrasco is admitted to the hospital
where they say that she has taken I don't know
how many pills to take her life
the medical report the reason for the hospital admission pay attention it
could be dizziness dizziness
according to Antonio David Flores
Rocio Carrasco called the ambulance
and was admitted to the hospital for dizziness
and then on television he said that it was
an attempted suicide in fact it seems to me
that he showed something
they showed a writing that said attempted
suicide so honestly here I would
like to know more information what is
that paper that she showed then and
why and how and when
they made the document at no time does it
say attempted suicide there was a paper
that  It said that I don't know what kind of paper it was but
in the documentary series there was a paper that said
attempted suicide which was what it was then.
My goodness, the bombshell that
this could be. I don't really know why he can't
show that document. Well, with
the motive of defending himself it wouldn't be bad. I don't
know if he's being advised, they've told him no. I
imagine he won't be able to and he'll
definitely get it and he'll get it. Of course, but it would be
brutal if we knew everything, they
exaggerated even the pills he had
taken, even the number of
pills he had taken, even in
that they came to lies.
And that with many other things,
many more things,
a person who takes their life, wants to
take their own life,
a lot. Man, should record a
documentary. Hey, isn't she accompanied by her
mother-in-law in the car to the hospital, she
calls an ambulance and the
ambulance comes to her house, let's say, out of
common sense.
My goodness,
the mother-in-law takes her home and
Fidel, while they are in the consultation,
talking to her on the phone, according to
Antonio David, family. What do you think
of this? The truth is that it is an
outrage, it is an
outrage. I open a debate, the
comments box, I will be reading you and I will send you
a  huge hug
[Music]